We're not following you anymore.
Are you giving the shrimp
the exact tosses he wants?
Have you even tried to?
If you can't understand that,
you're just regressing back
to playing the tyrant king.
Is something up with Kageyama today?
You mean physically?
No, I can't think of anything.
Come to think of it, when
Kageyama was in junior high,
he caused a buzz with a headline like,
"A Promising Genius Setter
in Miyagi Prefecture!"
I thought he'd fulfill that promise
in his third year of junior high,
but I didn't hear about him at all.
"Genius," huh?
I'm not sure what the actual
definition for genius is,
but I personally think they're
the furthest away from perfect.
That's what makes them
interesting, though.
But on the court...
You're a Goody Two-Shoes, aren't ya?
Haikyu!!
Shiratorizawa
Academy
Episode 5: Hunger
Free ball!
This is...
a fake set!
I was right!
Not so fast!
He actually read that!
Get the last!
The toss was too low and sloppy!
Sorry.
I know I suck at overhand passes.
Watching Tsukishima get yelled at is new.
There are only two of you on the court.
There's no one to cover for your mistakes.
They should aim for Hyakuzawa
when they hit it back over.
He's easier to break than Kunimi.
But if Hyakuzawa is the one
getting the ball first,
he's going to be the one
who hits it over last.
If he can get a high set,
he'll probably hit it over.
He's really good at hitting high tosses.
He doesn't seem that great at defense,
but he's got plenty of stamina.
And he's got a long reach, so even when
you think you're getting a hit in...
he'll touch the ball.
Let's take it easy, Hyakuzawa!
Thanks to Hinata, he really is relaxing.
Get the last!
That's definitely not an easy ball to hit.
Should I step back rather than
trying to jump for a block?
No, but Hyakuzawa's...
gonna go for that spike!
One touch!
Nice one!
Nice follow-through!
Crap... It might've drifted.
That's fine. That's plenty.
Hell yeah!
Nice kill!
Tsukishima... Nice toss...
What's with your face, then?
After seeing you actually
do some serious setting,
I got super hyped, but
super frustrated as well.
Well, thank you for being
so detailed and honest.
It wasn't even that good.
I... I also...
need to be able to do everything, too.
All right, then...
Because Coach Saito from Shiratorizawa
Academy is, er... not feeling well,
we'll be doing a joint practice match.
What's wrong with Saito-sensei?
He ate some bad oysters.
And so, the third-years and
alumni from Shiratorizawa
will be playing against you again.
Shiratorizawa
Today's the last day of your five-day camp.
Do your best to make this match
a better one than last time.
Whoa! All of Shiratorizawa!
Chances like this don't come often!
Kunimi! You think so, too, right?
That's what you think on the inside, right?
Let's do our best!
Yeah!
By the way, Karasuno's #10 was ball boy
the last time we came by, too, but..
Why isn't he playing?
Ah, well...
It's sort of a long story.
First off, he wasn't actually
invited to this training camp.
Huh? What's that supposed to mean?
Got it!
Ushijima-san!
Can I ask you a question?
Hinata's actually talking to Ushiwaka.
He sure has guts.
You're from the same school.
Huh?
I mean, he's hard for us
to approach as well.
When you're receiving the ball,
what are you thinking?
Are you sure you don't need to ask
Ushijima-san for advice?
Who knows when he'll be by next?
I-I...
I don't know about asking
my rival for help...
Rival? What are you talking about?
You should probably get rid of that unnecessary pride
Huh...
This is why you're second best,
you bowl-cut brat
You don't have to lecture him
that much with your eyes...
If anything, in the matter
of taking initiative,
you're definitely one step
behind Karasuno's #10.
U-Ushijima-san!
It's a feint!
Got it!
Nice!
Not only did he dig for the ball,
he's conscientious enough to move
so the back row attacker can approach.
Kageyama!
Nice kill!
Yes.
Yeah!
The Way of
the Setter
Kageyama's doing great on the left side,
and Hoshiumi's a great setter.
Yeah, he can play any position.
WS Mochida             MB Sakusa                S Hoshiumi
WS Komori                 MB Kondo              WS Kageyama
Li Miya
This position shuffle game is great!
I'm on a roll.
Everyone else is so good that
I feel like I'm rising to their level.
Nice!
Man, that was good.
Good shot!
Hey! You just doubted
my set, didn't you?
I just took a second to make sure.
Hoshiumi-san is a really great,
well-rounded player.
This is their time of discovery.
We don't know what kind of
potential we'll see from them,
and we don't know what the players
themselves will realize.
In the end, they're talented enough
that they're going to have to
produce results eventually.
But despite being in a
high-pressure situation,
I want them to enjoy volleyball.
"Take your time" might just sound like
really run-of-the-mill advice...
But I mean...
Taking your time really is important.
Miya!
Yeah, yeah.
All righty, then...
Here you go.
Yes!
Nice kill!
Really good setters can even
bewitch their spikers.
They can make them think
that they've suddenly
gotten better and stronger than before.
We've got a great crop of setters this year.
I hope that the spikers who
have been hitting the balls
Kageyama and Atsumu
have been setting up
suddenly get confused when
they go back to their teams.
Haikyu!!
Hisashi, nice serve!
Kinoshita-san's gotten better
at jump floater serves.
I'm not gonna lose!
It's a bit long, but I can
definitely see a change!
Right!
Noya-san, here I go!
All right! Bring it!
Ukai-kun!
Sensei! How'd it go?
They seem okay with the idea.
We just have to get our schedules together.
I see.
We've got less than a month
until the Spring Tournament,
so I want to get in as many matches as
we can when our full lineup's back.
With the strongest opponents possible.
Right.
Well, the other players
should be coming back tomorrow.
Well? How did being a spiker feel?
It was fun.
Your sets were really easy to hit.
Right?
Anyone who can't hit my
tosses just sucks.
Maybe you're better off being a spiker
rather than a setter, Tobio-kun.
Why do you think that?
Your face is really tense
when you're setting.
I'm pretty sure that's because you
called him a Goody Two-Shoes.
But you looked like you had a
lot of fun playing on the left.
I see.
The Way of
the Setter
But I'm a setter.
Yeah, I figured as much.
Um, Miya-san...
What'd you mean by "Goody Two-Shoes"?
Exactly what it sounds like.
You're serious, honest, and
an all-around good kid.
Great job training at a training
camp in an unfamiliar gym
with players you aren't used to.
I know that this was to get you started
on your youth team activities,
so there was a lot of fumbling
and feeling things out.
But I hope you don't think of the
practice you've done here as different
from the practices you'll be doing
with your teams when you get back.
It'll be great if we can all improve.
Let's all keep doing our best.
Japan Volleyball Association
Public Interest Incorporated Foundation
That's all.
Thank you very much!
Tobio-kun, see you again
at the Spring Tournament.
Yeah.
See ya.
See you soon, Kageyama.
Do your best at the Spring Tournament.
Yeah.
Which way is the station?
I'll just go with you.
Yeah! I get to play
volleyball again tomorrow!
I'm gonna hit so many balls!
Ugh... I just finished training camp,
and I have to play volleyball
again tomorrow?
What the heck are you talking about?
There's less than a month
until the Spring Tournament.
What? Taking breaks is a part
of our training, too...
Hey!
Tsukki! Let's exchange email addresses!
Huh?
Hey, Goshiki! I need your email address!
Email address?
You were the only two I didn't have!
Okay, I'll send you mine,
so make sure you add me!
Hey.
Karasuno High School
Volleyball Club
Never mind. See ya.
What the heck?
I-Is Kageyama doing well?
Uh, sure. When we're not doing exams.
I see.
Why?
It's just...
It seems like his play style has changed.
You worry too much about
your time in junior high.
You did your best, didn't you?
Whatever. We were just having
a casual conversation.
It scares me from the bottom of my soul...
You mean the thing about no one
hitting Kageyama's sets?
But fighting is totally normal.
Fighting?
Not being able to back down
and fighting is normal!
So Kageyama's totally fine!
Who even cares about Kageyama?
H-Hey!
We're gonna crush you guys
in our next official match.
What?! We're not gonna lose!
Hey!
See ya.
Yeah!
Washijo-sensei, thank you for everything.
What did you think?
The two-on-two was a good idea.
You think so?
So Karasuno's #10 never got to practice?
Yup. Ball boy until the end.
Seriously?
But he was definitely the most fired up,
and the other boys were
definitely influenced by that.
Shiratorizawa
Academy
A powerful, driving hunger for height...
Whether you realize it or not...
Whether it's something positive
or something negative...
That hunger is always there.
For those of us...
who are lacking in size...
We have that hunger instead.
I'm starving!
Shiratorizawa
Academy
Thanks for waiting!
Here are your oysters!
They've got the best oysters here!
Shochu with hot water.
Coming right up!
Miyagi Prefecture
Karasuno High School
Heck yeah!
Boys' Volleyball Club
Hey.
What were you doing
for the last five days?
I was a ball boy.
Karasuno High School
Volleyball Club
Hey, do you have the key to
the club room or the gym?
No...
Karasuno High School
Volleyball Club
But yeah, the best player
there was Goshiki.
Oh, but Kunimi... And Hyakuzawa...
The guy who's two meters tall.
He was super huge.
What about you? Meet any awesome players?
Yeah...
I'd hope so.
I'm sure lots of them would end
up in Monthly Volleyball.
There was a Little Giant there, too.
He was 170 cm tall, give or take.
I've never seen him in Monthly Volleyball,
but without a doubt,
he was one of the best players even
out of all the amazing players there.
He was about a hundred
times better than you.
Did you really have to tack that on?!
Couldn't you have just ended it with,
"he was one of the best players there"?
Did you really need to say
that last thing? I think not!
Hey, I figured you'd be here.
Y'know, you didn't have to start fighting
the moment you saw each other again.
Hi!
What do you guys even have to fight
about? You sure are impressive.
Hey.
You can fly even higher.
Futakuchi!
Yes, sir!
We just confirmed a practice match
for next week, so be ready for it.
Who are we playing?
Karasuno.
Huh?
Episode 6: Enhancements
Next time: "Enhancements."